before we get started I want to think
Big Daddy unlimited for sending me a
bunch of cool stuff recently sent me a
couple thousand freedom seeds you know
when I'm saying haha you know freedom
seeds for the big igloo speaking of is
anyone kind of disappointed that the
rona hasn't turned into zombies yet
hi everyone donut here it's okay that I
look like a homeless person I don't care
if I look like the guy from the Warriors
and I look like a hippie and his dog
that I look like post Malone that I look
like Florida man that I don't look like
myself that I look drunk
that I look like a feral that I look
like whoever that this is that I look
like John Rambo the aliens guy man my
hair do be looking like that that I look
like Johnny badass on stranger things
that I look like cut your goddamn hair
does look like post marijuana loan
because in the end I'm going to have
beautiful flowing Brandon Herrera hair
no I'm basically going to be Brandon
Herrera with more capitalism and less
communism what's going on I haven't
posted a video in a while and here's a
big old Leo recap for you guys whoa
recap time crime review Illinois a mayor
ordered police to crackdown on social
gatherings and they found his wife at a
bar that's a newpsie mayor in Illinois
pleaded with residents last week to
follow the state's stay at home walls
these are very serious times I'm begging
you to please stay at home Brandt Walker
mayor of Alton Illinois said in a
briefing less than 48 hours later police
broke up a gathering at Hiram's Tavern
in downtown Alton among those in
attendance
we're Walker's wife good job mayor
Walker I got some good news guys the
pandas are freaking again the zoo has
been trying to get two pandas to mate
for 10 years when coronavirus shut the
zoo down the pandas finally did
good job pandas you're finally fighting
to save your own species instead of
being big stupid idiots uh-oh we got
some bad news they took this man's
marijuana's man caught would rucksack of
cannabis tells police I'm buying in bulk
due to lockdown that makes complete
sense ok popular preacher Pat Robertson
blames the coronavirus on oral sex and
lady chemicals he said and I quote hold
on what with his voice sound like I
don't know what his voice sounds like
I'm gonna try this one some of these
young uns are doing all kind of
unnatural things with their sex organs
when people do that they transfer all
kinds of chemicals from lady's private
parts
and that's where I think the virus came
from we never had this kind of thing
when I was coming up but no one was
committing oral sex back then oh so
blowies were just invented in the past
hundred years gotcha
I'm lady chemicals causing the Rona you
know who I think caused the Rona B it's
Carol Baskin even though I look like a
dirty hippie let's get cereal for a
minute guys this is a really cool story
that I came across today modern body
armor was created by a pizza delivery
guy who was tired of kidding shot at how
cool is that
after serving the US Marine Corps
richard davis opened a pizzeria off of
seven mile in detroit oh that's why he
was kidding shot at he was living the
next street over from eminem one night
the delivery took him through the back
alley and he was held up at gunpoint
weeks later another order came in for
the same address this time he came
prepared with a 22 revolver hidden under
the pies the same robbers tried the same
stunt but he was ready a gunfight broke
out he took one round to the back of the
leg and another graced his temple he
managed to get all four shots at his
attackers leaving two of his three
attackers wounded in the weeks he spent
recovering his pizzeria was burnt to the
ground he had nothing but $70 to his
name meanwhile over at dew point labs
they had just made a breakthrough entire
technology they were using a new
lightweight super-strong synthetic
fabric called Kevlar Davis got his hands
on some of this new material and
fashioned some of it together into a
vest using ballistic nylon he called it
the second-chance vest and created with
the intentions of putting it in police
hands he worked on the vest throughout
the day and tried to sell his
life-saving where's the police at night
with little success he needed a bigger
play to get their attention
what would get people's attention if you
have a bulletproof vest
and something he never did though was
tested on a human so what do you think
he did
[Applause]
what a freaking mad lad dude next story
a millionaire by the name of Benjamin
chin in New York got all messed up I
stepped on a cat got all messed up on
drugs and got into his $1,000,000
supercar and thought it was a bumper car
what happened was he crashed into a van
and then he drove down the street and
hit three more cards before police
finally arrested him
[Music]
that's definitely not a $1,000,000 car
anymore
Tampa mega church pastor arrested after
leading PAC services despite safer at
home orders he is so smart SMRT 500
people despite safer at home orders 500
people were in attendance at pastor
rodney howard-browne sunday service last
week Sheriff's Department issued a
warrant for unlawful assembly and
violating public health emergency rules
of isolation quarantine you guys
probably seen this one already I'm
getting a ton of messages from people
about this one former police officer
arrested in park for throwing ball with
dollar due to coronavirus social
distancing rules the police department
has apologized for the arrest calling it
an overreach no [__]
an incident caught on video a former
Colorado State Patrol trooper said he
was handcuffed in front of a
six-year-old daughter on a near-empty
softball field Sunday by Brighton police
officers enforcing social distancing
rules he said we were having a good time
not hearing anybody else the next
closest person is at least 15 feet away
from me and my daughter at this point
police arrived told everyone to leave
the park it was closed he told the
officers he was familiar with the posted
rules and believed that he and his
family were in compliance and practicing
proper social distancing he said he
refused to provide his identification
when officers asked for it because he
had not broken any law officers
handcuffed him and placed him in a
patrol car for about 10 to 15 minutes
while they phoned the supervisor for
guidance if he didn't already have the
rona the back of the police car is the
dirtiest place you can put someone
what's that
this just in guys we have footage of the
guy who got arrested at the park that
was taken today because everyone in
Italy is quarantined the natural
wildlife has returned the water and
forests
we are the virus do you guys know that I
talked about the tiger king before it
was cool a year ago I made a video
talking about Joe exotic being arrested
it got over a million views I'll put a
link to that one in the description in
the comments below I know I'm kind of
all over the place I just found a bunch
of cool [__] oh and just share with you
guys sorry if someone's not police
related it's our if no one getting
murdered in it
baby alligator found with drugs and guns
in Florida arrest a Gators a straight G
man what does Florida man been teaching
their wildlife comments well the Gator
be tried as an adult or that's the thing
with living in Florida you're rarely
actually surprised by these types of
things as yet these are only allegations
ah damn man other Gators told him to
quit being so active he just kept saying
he was gonna cash out cold blooded for
real
also defied shelter in creek order this
is bad
oh my god this is the best picture I've
ever seen holy [__] that's Florida's
Harold [__] Baskins I'm sure is this
the old Tron post or II I guess you can
say he was busted by some investigators
Gator need his gat driver called doing
130 miles an hour claims he was trying
to avoid catching their own uh there was
a post on the protecting surf subreddit
and it said guys make sure you're
disinfecting all your equipment this is
the video that was posted with it
yeah important make sure you disinfect
your guns for safety also on the
protection surf subreddit I found a
video of a task cop in Mexico check this
out this cop right here is not wearing
any kind of safety equipment he's on the
the bridge rail with the guy who's who's
wanting to jump off and go splat another
officer comes up and grabs his bail and
he's like not that being safe is for
these
what a [__] G there's so many G's in
this recap do you know how hard it is to
find a skit by a police officer that
isn't the Corinne GEOSS thing in the
world I finally found a police officer
tick-tock video that isn't the craziest
thing in the world are you serious
where-where-where Dwight it seems like
you already know where
officer Lackey thank you for that gold
last story of the day burned patients
clogged precious ICU beds thanks to
home-cooking spike guys rona people need
them beds okay and if you want to learn
how to cook you come on over to my
cooking screens it's gonna be on right
after this video is released I'm on
episodes 18 on a cooking I'm gonna edit
them all put them on my vlog channel and
guess what I'm making a cookbook it's
gonna have all sorts of cool stuff in it
and some stories about my life it's
gonna be kind of like babish this book
if you guys have read that one in other
news the five-o Space Ranger shop Dec is
out this is gonna be 500 skate shops
first non collaboration deck like our
first official shop deck that we haven't
worked with another company on my artist
Emma has completely outdone herself with
this art if you do come over to my
twitch stream remember you can subscribe
to me for free over there if you have an
Amazon Prime account won't cost you
anything and it hooks me up with a
couple dollars to help support the
channel guys that's all I have for you
today I hope everyone staying safe out
there please keep practicing social
distancing and washing your hands and
your dirty cracks that's what my grandpa
used to say to me you guys wanna hear a
story while I'm here his old agency has
a policy in place now or you can't throw
rocks the suspects because he was
chasing the guy on some railroad tracks
and he threw a rock in and hit him back
of the head and knocked him out oh yeah
yeah okay there's my little story for
the day those are the stories or anybody
in my cookbook little stories like that
everybody this is donut please have a
fantastic day
great wack